given by the queen of hearts and i had to sing
i never heard of uglification alice ventured to say. what is it
the conqueror whose cause was favoured by the pope was soon submitted
is the driest thing i know. silence all round if you please william
and ever since that the hatter went on in a mournful tone he wont
little thing grunted in reply it had left off sneezing by this time.
im not a serpent said alice indignantly. let me alone
tell you just now what the moral of that is but i shall remember it in
call the next witness said the king.
be mabel for i know all sorts of things and she oh she knows such a
other side of the garden where alice could see it trying in a helpless
made up my mind about it if im mabel ill stay down here itll be no
wrote down all three dates on their slates and then added them up and
of lodging houses and behind them a railway station. however she soon
why did you call him tortoise if he wasnt one alice asked.
worse. you must have meant some mischief or else youd have signed your
between yourself and me.
go down the chimney
but im not used to it pleaded poor alice in a piteous tone. and
but it doesnt matter a bit she thought to herself.
duchess was very ugly and secondly because she was exactly the
of the trees under which she had been wandering when a sharp hiss made
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded
the miserable hatter dropped his teacup and bread and butter and went
should be free of them at last they must needs come wriggling down from
the queens argument was that if something wasnt done about it in less
the moral of that is birds of a feather flock together.
well i should like to be a little larger sir if you wouldnt mind
yes we went to school in the sea though you maynt believe it
puzzled by the whole thing and longed to change the subject.
many miles ive fallen by this time she said aloud. i must be getting
the position in which you usually see shakespeare in the pictures
oh dear what nonsense im talking
twinkle twinkle
alice folded her hands and began
there thought alice itll never do to come upon them this size why
thinking of
elbow.
just as she said this she noticed that one of the trees had a door
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
speak roughly to your little boy
what i should be like then and she tried to fancy what the flame of a
began. alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet ground in
all right so far said the king and he went on muttering over
ill tell it her said the mock turtle in a deep hollow tone sit
alice went timidly up to the door and knocked.
go on. and so these three little sisters they were learning to draw
this question the dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought
otherwise judging by his face only she would have called him a
after it and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large
but the dodo had paused as if it thought that somebody ought to speak
its eyes for it was getting very sleepy and they drew all manner of
what did they live on said alice who always took a great interest in
it isnt mine said the hatter.
at her and the queen said severely who is this she said it to the
earth how funny itll seem to come out among the people that walk with
but her voice sounded hoarse and strange and the words did not come the
matter much thought alice as all the arches are gone from this side
which the march hare was said to live. ive seen hatters before she
out with his nose you know
you she might well say this to go on crying in this way stop this
either the well was very deep or she fell very slowly for she had
come we shall have some fun now thought alice. im glad theyve
eagerly half hoping that the mouse had changed his mind and was coming
you how the dodo managed it.
knocking and hurried upstairs in great fear lest she should meet the
but she must have a prize herself you know said the mouse.
rome no thats all wrong im certain i must have been changed for
now dont choke him how was it old fellow what happened to you tell
myself about you you must manage the best way you can but i must be
every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. after a while she
childhood and how she would gather about her other little children and
that proves his guilt said the queen.
was no one to listen to her still it was good practice to say it over
exactly so said alice.
of the court bring me the list of the singers in the last concert on
dont grunt said alice thats not at all a proper way of expressing
pennyworth only of beautiful soup
what did they draw said alice quite forgetting her promise.
alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute trying
i wont indeed said alice in a great hurry to change the subject of
cost them their lives.
so she sat on with closed eyes and half believed herself in
its a vegetable. it doesnt look like one but it is.
finger very deeply with a knife it usually bleeds and she had never
what for
a large rose tree stood near the entrance of the garden the roses
know.
alice said nothing she had sat down with her face in her hands
im very sorry youve been annoyed said alice who was beginning to
its a mineral i think said alice.
that i see what i eat is the same thing as i eat what i see
boots and shoes under the sea the gryphon went on in a deep voice
witness. and he added in an undertone to the queen really my dear
without even waiting to put his shoes on.
the king looked anxiously at the white rabbit who said in a low voice
who would not give all else for two
the first question of course was how to get dry again they had a
but what did the dormouse say one of the jury asked.
suppose i ought to eat or drink something or other but the great
